My name is Melvis Maduagwu, I'm a college student in the AI and Robotics program. This is a comprehensive representsation of my AI courses and projects. This portfolio features projects built around these courses: Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Natural Language processing and Computer Vision. Some of the things I've learned are Python programming, python libraries, applied AI and the ability to work with teammates. I'm still new to AI and open to learning more as time goes on.
Brief course descriptions:
Machine Learning: This is the shift from traditional, rigid, static programming to more unconventional, flexible, and dynamic methods for completing the same tasks. It was the introduction of data-driven methods of completing tasks and solving problems.
Deep Learning: This is a sub-class of machine learning that utilizes deep, multi-layerd artificial neural networks to analyze data, learn patterns and make predictions and classifications. 
Natural Language Processing: NLP is a field in computer science that aims to allow machines to understand human language. It was one of the main purposes of AI and thankfully, this is a field that has been greatly impacted by the evolution of AI. The field first used rule-based systems, but now, it is a major application of AI.
Computer Vision: This is another vision that AI targeted (pun intended). It is a field that aims to allow machines process visual information just like humans do. It is also a major and successful application of AI.
